Okay, I have a number of things that I need to do. First... First and foremost,
 I guess, is... Hold on. Fuck. That's not the first thing. Okay. The first thing...
 Alright, this isn't a fucking number list, but I am going to say priorities. So...
 Or... They'll be implied, I guess. Later, I'm going to ask for this to be sorted
 in a priority order, so please... If I... If intonation or something... I don't
 know, this is recording. So, first I need to reply to my job application emails.
 As in, follow up with the people who already sent me follow up emails, if there
 are incomplete applications, if there are anything besides rejections. I also need
 to note that information down in some way. Probably a Google Sheet that is... Or
 a Google Form that outputs into a Google Sheet that I also need to set up. Next
 item... I need to do that research for... Ignore that. That was that woman speaking,
 please. Next is I need to do that research for cash. So, K-A-S-H. No further details.
 Next item... I need to... Email the... Email the Lazy Apply people and... Convey
 my interest in helping them with their project. Be it just fixing their... Like,
 the small spelling mistakes or translation or... Making their text flow better,
 fixing their UI, etc. Or, more substantively, I need to... Or I would like to ask
 them if they want help with some of the more minutia. With the AI implementation,
 for instance. When... When a job application is being... One thing that I ran into
 was the question, Are you able to work immediately? Can you start immediately? Where
 my system was automatically selecting no. And that is not what I want. Moreover,
 another potential fix... These are like sub-items for this task. Is that... When...
 When filling in information for a resume... I think that could be made much more
 intuitive. Especially as to what fields... Are what and what they're used for. So
 maybe on-hover tooltips that explain what the fields for each one are used for.
 For instance, like... Some of them are obvious, but they could still be on-hovers
 that would be helpful. For some people, like the are you a veteran status, etc.
 For disclosures, but also the less obvious ones. Another fix I would make or tweak
 or addition would be... Instead of only allowing for skill keywords... So how it
 currently seems to work is... Some artificial intelligence, probably OpenAI API
 or some L1 model... Is being used to detect when a... Or even just... It could just
 be... Dot contains, but something is being used to determine when... A skill keyword
 is used in a question. For instance, for the LinkedIn Easy Apply, which is the only
 thing that I've really done. And that, if you have put a number of years of proficiency
 with that tool... Or with that skill, be it a tool or program or whatever... It
 will fill it in with the value that you've provided. Or with your one failsafe or
 the default value. Which is by default set to zero. First of all, I think that value,
 again, with the tooltip... That tooltip on that would be very helpful to explain
 exactly what it does. Or what it means, because the description text, the placeholder
 text is not very clear. And I think it would need to be too long for the placeholder
 text to actually be very clear as to what it's for. But further, I think that there
 could be better or more options for that. So say you have categories, like database,
 databases... Wherein you could select that your default for databases in general
 would be two hours. Or hours. Two years. Not hours. Two years of proficiency. And
 then when any question... Even if you haven't specifically input as a skill, no
 SQL... Even if you haven't specifically put in DynamoDB or CouchDB or any of those...
 Or PostgreSQL... It would default to your database's default. As opposed to your
 overall default. Which would then... The overall default would be a fallback if
 none of the categories are matched. And then above that would be the specific skill
 keywords. And I think that would be helpful. Because you could do databases, you
 could do artificial intelligence... Which would have keywords like AI, LLM, GPT,
 and a lot more. Neural network. And there would be a lot of categories. I think
 you should be able to create your own. But also have them pre-programmed the categories.
 But it would be good to be able to add your own. I guess you don't necessarily need
 to have pre-programmed ones. But being able to add your own would be very helpful.
 In terms of granularity and making your application look more legitimate. I mean,
 not legitimate, but non-automated. Further, I think there's a lot that could be
 done. In terms of when questions are asked within the LinkedIn Easy Apply. Specifically,
 non-choose-an-option questions. So, for instance, open response questions. I think
 there should be a way to... Well, first this would need to be configured, obviously.
 But within the Lazy Apply settings or configuration panel. I think it would probably
 be better to call it that. There would need to be a short response samples input.
 Wherein people would provide some of their own writing that they've already done.
 Ideally for short response of the type of job that they're looking for. But really
 it could be any sort of text which conveys their stylometry. Which is to say any
 text that they've written themselves and is not generated at all. And then some
 amount of that needs to be provided. It shouldn't autofill without this being configured.
 And then maybe there are minimums and there are probably maximums for data storage.
 Anyway, this short response answer synthesis artificial intelligence would just
 be... It'd be pretty simple. We'll use GPT as an example. Like GPT 3.5 or GPT 4.0.
 We'll use GPT 4.0 as an example. So it'd be GPT 4.0, fine-tuned. Or even just route-prompted
 with the information that it is to follow the stylometric cues of... To make the
 text that it synthesizes follow the stylometry. Which is analyzed from the uploaded
 documents or supplied text. Or maybe just text. Actually probably just a lot of
 text input. It's smaller. And it's text input. So yeah, just a lot of text. But
 text input. So the end user would go to a configuration page for this. And they
 could add as many fields as they wanted. Big text boxes. And they'd probably have
 a title. And then they would paste in their text that they've already written. And
 then the AI, the model that is being used would be told to analyze the stylometry
 of all of that text. And then would be then queried whenever a short response question
 is given. Or is it come upon in the application process. And then that model which
 has been told to analyze the stylometry of the user's writing. Would then be prompted
 to give an answer for that question. Using in its answer the stylometry which was
 analyzed. Where in it sounds like the user wrote it. That might have some ethical
 or legal quandaries. So that might not be viable. But I think that would be very
 helpful. And I'm sure there are probably ways around it. Or ways to skirt liability
 in terms of push the liability off onto the end user. Or maybe they would have to
 supply a trade model or whatever. It would only fair for super users. Which is fine.
 And it can be payment gated to a high tier of the application. Which is lazy apply.
 Anyway, there are more of those. But the net net is I need to email the lazy apply
 people. And express my interest. And then provide some of this information. To show
 my interest. And then. Yeah that's. So okay cool. That's the end of that. Next item
 is. I need to go back and for the steam account. Bigzoinkle11. Which is spelled
 B-I-G-C-O-I-N-K-E-L-1-1. For Bigzoinkle11 account. I need to go and re-add the authenticator.
 Steam desktop authenticator is what I will probably use to do so. And then maybe
 add a sub-item. Potentially create. Python code that will accomplish the same task
 as steam desktop authenticator. Which is written in C sharp. And I just don't really
 like the application. Also because it was made by Jesse. And Jesse is creepy. Child
 groomer. Not much I think. But yeah he's creepy. So anyway that's a sub-item. But
 probably a waste of time. Okay much more high priority than those other ones. Besides.
 Okay never mind. So new item. This one is high priority. Is I need to follow up
 with the deans. Check my school email. This is about college. About finishing school.
 I need to follow up on enrollment. Because it ends August 18th. And the classes
 that I need are going to be filled up. Probably pretty soon. But I need to determine.
 I need to follow up with the associate dean of students who I spoke to on teams.
 For a moment. And who reached out to the NAW team for me. The non-academic withdrawal.
 That's what NAW is. N-A-W. Reached out to the non-academic withdrawal team for me.
 As I was told to non-academic withdrawal from a semester. And walked through it
 by both that assistant dean of students. As well as by the dean of accessibility.
 Or accommodation. Not accessibility. The dean of accommodations. But it seems that
 I did not follow through on maybe an email or something. And I still have a D- and
 an F in those two classes. Even though I was under the assumption that I had non-academic
 withdrawal. And that was all finished. And I would have W-I's instead of those failing
 grades. So that needs to be dealt with. I need to follow up with that. Make this.
 Make what I just said a sub-item of school enrollment. And then next is register
 for classes. Which is blocked by the prior communication. And figuring out basically
 if I need to take the exact two classes. To override those grades. Because for some
 reason I can't have the non-academic withdrawal. I understood to be the case. To
 have already been done. If for some reason that does not work. And I am stuck with
 that D- and F. Then I need to take those classes again to override the grades. But
 if I do get the NOG team to add W-I's for those classes. Which is withdrawal, illness,
 doesn't matter. Then I'm not beholden to taking those two classes specifically.
 So yeah. And then after that I guess just add one more sub-item for the school enrollment.
 Which is check. Start dates. Discuss accommodations with the dean. The two aforementioned
 deans. And check outlook. Check school outlook. Okay next main item. Which is this
 one's also high priority. Oh the other high priority item I did already mention.
 It was the follow-up on job applications. So I make that a high priority item. Please.
 And then so this is another is a new another new item that is high priority. Very
 high priority. And that is create a set of terms of agreement for the family plan
 to get me out of the house. Which will include first sub first sub item is get the
 text that was jotted down by my mother during our session with with Kate. The session
 with that included Neil, myself, Susan who is my mother, Neil is my stepdad, and
 Kate who is a therapist. My name is Jason. So from Susan I need to get the text
 that was jotted down. Which includes some of the the criteria loosely that will
 be required. I mean that are it required it includes some information about the
 criteria that I need to list out more explicitly. Which are the terms of engagement
 for the Airbnb 10-day proposal. Which may or may not still be on the table. So also
 add a actually make this the first sub item. Add a add this as the first sub item
 saying determine if this plan is still on the table by discussing with Susan and
 Neil. Okay another high priority item so new item that is high priority is housing
 and make that the main header and then sub item is look into shared rooms in Dallas
 via the r slash UT Dallas subreddit and actually make this higher priority than
 everything except the the Airbnb 10-day proposal with parents parents being referring
 to Susan my mother and Neil my stepfather in this case that should be the highest
 priority but then under that it should be housing and under that it should be school
 anyway for housing is check for viable rooms on the UT Dallas subreddit uh for rent
 then just check for viable rooms in uh on Craigslist and then just add a sub item
 that says continue to search for rooms and show that you are searching for rooms
 in some way and then also ensure that I am reaching out to if any if there's any
 follow-up information make sure and do that I don't know how that's going to be
 added I don't know if that's specifically an item but you can include it all oh
 you can include it all in the last item of the housing search next is new so new
 item non-priority or not high priority so within the bulk of the other random items
 that's gonna be um set up proxmox on pc and then under that so sub item say um so
 put this sub item at the bottom of the list regardless of how many are added just
 make sure this stays at the bottom but it uh but create macvm and utilize blue bubbles
 the application blue bubbles to to facilitate iMessage apple iMessage via an android
 device okay new item sorry new sub item new sub item under proxmox is uh ensure
 proxmox is set up correctly and make this the first one ensure proxmox is set up
 correctly for access outside of the household outside of the hosting network from
 anywhere and it is using a an ssl certificate obtained from let's encrypt via certbot
 probably so another item under proxmox would be to create vm environment to run
 lazy apply and ensure that this vm environment can be watched actively wherein i
 think it's a feature proxmox so it just yeah create vm to facilitate uh lazy apply
 running concurrently then also add a an item that is create vm to run tiktok user
 download script which is yet to be put to paper but that doesn't matter just create
 vm and automate likely via cron tasks or cron jobs so it needs to be a linux environment
 but create vm environment to run to monitor and also download backlog of as well
 as send out the discord webhook pings or send out discord embeds that are rich so
 they include information about the post like metadata which should also be saved
 as the corresponding text file to the to each post anyway uh just create vm for
 tiktok user download system that's that's one i believe that's all for the proxmox
 item so new main list item non-priority so actually i guess that's enough for now
 thank you very much excellent let's see how this is interpreted
 This is recording number 3 for the to-do list, so new main list item, create receipt
 for meeting with Dan from Eureka Psyche, make this highest priority, missed an appointment,
 you decide the title, what a summary title would be, this is the details and tributes
 phrase better, but I missed the appointment the first time and now the second time,
 the June 3rd which is today, but it must be that I have not done that, so create
 a receipt for insurance, fuck that's going to have some implications, look into
 that, new list item, also highest priority, I need follow-up on job opportunity
 screening email, for front-end developer, it is in your jason.p.mcel email, follow-up
 on that, what else? I'm trying to remember, add new main list item, medium high
 priority, clean room, put on sheets, fold laundry, just general housekeeping, new
 main list item, low priority, or just no priority, this is for fun, create or otherwise
 obtain a method to, one, repel mosquitoes, so this is the sub list, one, repel mosquitoes
 from the shed, two, cool the shed via either a swamp heater or a misting system,
 though a misting system runs into the humidity issue, three, manage humidity and
 air flow within the shed, and that's the end of that item. Okay, well, I'm going
 to go meta, new list item with no priority, let's create, create an automated system
 for sub list, one, calendar events, so google calendar or whatever calendar implementation
 you want, but start with google calendar, so that's what I'll be using, two, email
 integration, and so you should have functionality to take input from emails, and
 then three, iMessage configuration, now this is going to be more difficult, it's
 going to involve running a macOS instance of some sort on either Proxmox VM or otherwise
 a Mac computer that is signed in to use iMessage and then run an API of some sort,
 so as to relay and then read the contents of text messages and potentially send
 them, four, phone calls, this should similarly, or maybe not, unknown on the implementation,
 but functionality should exist to utilize OpenAI Whisper to, or if depending on
 the implementation, or depending on the deployed version, either use a provided
 transcription of calls and voicemails, or create one via, and by calls I meant voicemails,
 yeah, sorry, like left voicemails, because it should be live, yeah, so utilize OpenAI
 Whisper to create a transcription if there is not one provided, if there is one
 provided in some way, for instance Apple is currently running an on-device LLM model,
 I think it's Whisper actually, but anyway, if they're doing the work for us on their
 device, then grab that transcription if possible and use that, then this and that
 information in those voicemails should be accessible to the system, so next, I forgot
 what number we're on, but next would be integration with chat apps, and so another
 nested list will start, and the first one we will say Discord, for instance, so
 yeah, that'll be the first one, first limitation is Discord, so the application
 should be able to read and potentially write, as in send messages from a Discord
 user, so this is going to be a, that would be a Discord self-bot, which is of course
 in violation of Discord's Terms of Service, so that one is a little quiet, we're
 not going to put that on the main front page, but that should exist, obviously there
 needs to just be a standardized API doc and system, it's API documentation, so an
 API implementation that can be used to create any sort of implementation, or any
 sort of, to plug any sort of app into this system, which I haven't described yet,
 but I will in a short moment, actually I'm sure I will now, they are, no, actually
 I'll give you the rest of the sub list for some of the items, Slack should be one
 of them, what else, oh, MS Teams should be one of them, so Microsoft Teams, Chat,
 and also, that's all I can think of for now, but I'm sure there are more, okay,
 so I'm going to actually describe now what the application will do, so from all
 of those data vectors, I need a way to ingest all of the information as it is received,
 and act upon it accordingly, this is going to be accomplished through an LLM, interpreting
 information from each input vector, and then utilizing it to either take an action
 itself, probably in the future, that's what I stubbed for a little while, not immediately,
 or send a notification, otherwise, yeah, those are pretty much the main two functions,
 so for instance, if I get an email that says, that asks for a, just to keep it simple
 at first, if I get an email that just contains a Google Calendar invite, I should
 first, the system should recognize that it is, in fact, a Google Calendar invite,
 and send me a notification via, push notifications eventually should be implemented
 through TestFlight, Swift application, but at first, any notification via probably
 a Discord bot, they can have buttons on the embed, whatever, so it should send me
 a notification that basically says, do you want to attend this, yes or no, and then
 if I, and then it should be able to further, when I respond to that, take action,
 and then add that event to my calendar, and obviously that functionality is redundant,
 but the same thing should happen if, for instance, I am sent an email that just
 contains this information, and does not, in fact, have, have the calendar event
 already created, it should create its own calendar event, with the context of all
 the information that was presented in the email, at least the information that is
 relevant, so prioritize the names of people that are involved, the times, the, the
 topic of the appointment, or event, what have you, the, just other, other information
 that is, that is relevant, follow-ups, any sort of, any sort of prerequisite, things
 that must be accomplished, all of that should be included within the new calendar
 item, it should also have the ability to determine, say, for instance, someone's
 name is not provided, but their email looks like a name, it should be able to interpret
 that email, or just use the email, frankly, and then even as a, as a setting, it
 should be able to send an invitation for the new Google Calendar event that it is
 creating, from this email, that, that was, that I received, that what, the account
 that set up, received, send, it could send that Google Calendar event invite to
 that email, immediately. Further, more functionality should be that, provided the
 user has configured, and there's going to be a lot of user configuration required
 for this application to be functional, the intention will be for me, oh, another
 item on the sub-list, I just remembered LinkedIn, that is a huge one, LinkedIn needs
 to be monitored thoroughly, that need, LinkedIn chat needs to be utilized, and watched
 for information events, etc., so, yeah, sorry, I got off track, so it should be
 able to, if the user configures it, which I will, obviously, it should be able to
 interpret calls, as I've already described, but they aren't necessarily all gonna
 be voicemails, they could just be recordings of calls, and I suppose that doesn't
 really matter, well, it does, because there'll be one person speaking versus two
 people speaking, so it has to be able to diarize, and determine who is speaking,
 what the context is, other metadata, like, about the call, can be used to determine
 that, I suppose, like the fidelity of the input, or something of that sort, but
 either way, in some way, that needs to be determined, or those need to be parsed,
 I think context clues would be enough, once the model's trained, I mean, the purpose
 of this, is to have a model that is continually being fine-tuned, and at first,
 it will need to be trained, of course, but a model that is continuously being fine-tuned,
 or a bot, an LLM-powered agent, that can proactively make sure I don't miss appointments,
 send me notifications for important things, and have it develop its own understanding
 of what I consider important, so for instance, it should be able to eventually filter
 specific messages, or based on modes that I've set, so say I set a set quiet mode,
 it should be able to intelligently, and based on the context, the sender, and any
 other parameters that it has determined, that's where the LLM comes in, it should
 be able to intelligently determine if a message meets the threshold of the mode
 that is in to send a push notification, or to, yeah, or to send a push notification,
 or if, and this is the value add feature, if it should instead simply provide a
 generate and then send, potentially, and that'll be a setting that you have to click
 a bunch of things, you know, disclaimers, because that could cause problems, but
 it should be able to generate a plausible, based on the stylometry of input data,
 end of data, it is parsed from, you know, email backlogs, or what have you, it should
 be able to provide a bunch of information, or a bunch of your own writing for different
 contexts, and then it should be able to synthesize plausible text messages, for
 instance, that's a use case, so in, say, each person, each contact, the system also
 needs to manage people that are in contact with the user, so essentially, one, people
 need to be grouped, so people's accounts need to be grouped, so there may be an
 iPhone contact and iMessage conversations, and then there may be discord conversations
 that correspond, or sometimes they would maybe make reference to one another, there
 may be telegram conversations, there may be signal conversations, those both need
 to be added to the sublist, the way earlier sublist, but regardless, whatever the
 communication is, it needs to be, they all, the accounts of users need to be tied
 together when they are the same user, now this may not be accomplished, or if this
 is obvious, if names are the same, or if accounts are linked, then oh, Steam, Steam
 community is also another item for the sublist earlier, if this is not obvious,
 if the account is not obvious, if the account linking is not an obvious decision,
 then it doesn't need to be taken immediately by, it doesn't need to be made, the
 associations don't need to be created by the application, especially immediately,
 but it should prompt the end user to choose or to search for and then add a, if
 a new notification comes in and the system is configured to listen to that channel
 of discourse, then it should be able to, it should ask and say, hey, is this person,
 which may, maybe it's a name, maybe it's a number, maybe it's a username, it should
 say, hey, is blank information, someone you already have as a contact within the
 system, would you like to, or it just, it'll ask that question and then it will
 provide a search feature, and ideally it would suggest who it thinks it is, but
 it's going to provide a search feature through the contacts list that it has developed,
 or that has been input so far, and if not, if this is not an existing person, then
 create a person and then start linking accounts, so ideally you'd have a phone number
 for iMessage, a Discord account, a LinkedIn account, et cetera, all known to be
 the same user, so as the system can use the relevant contacts between the two, so
 there may need to be some model, there probably will, need to be model adjustments
 made for each user, or for the correspondence between each user and each of their
 contacts, because we want to make the most plausible messages possible when we're
 autoresponding, that's what we're calling this, so in order to do that, we're going
 to need to have the context of specifically the application, or specifically the
 way in which the user, me, and the other party speak to one another, or correspond,
 and that will change, as humans we talk to each other very differently, for instance,
 do we talk to different people differently, just based on our shared experiences,
 et cetera, and that needs to be, not understood, but it needs to be, well, it needs
 to be noticed and then regurgitated, it needs to be matched when creating a response,
 so as to not send a, for instance, send an email-type response in this very large,
 broad, like, generalization, but don't send, like, a dear name, comma, new line,
 then body text, that should never appear in a text message, for instance, because
 that is inherently weird, that's a simple example, but that's the idea, okay, that's
 a lot, but that's one of the items, put that at the bottom of the list, because
 that's the meta item, that's, like, what, it should also have functionality to handle,
 like, what I'm doing right now, like, should be able to dictate in a task, it should
 have a to-do list built in that is rolling and is handled with a calendar, but I'm
 rambling now, so please just put all of this information into the bottom list item,
 thank you.
 Alright, to-do list continued, this should be the same list, new non-priority, uh,
 never mind, wait, new main list item, priority, uh, psychiatrist slash therapist
 appointments, uh, and then sub-item, Daniel Lipton, just say Daniel, actually, don't
 say a name, just say Eureka Psych, uh, new patient, and then, that's June 3rd, uh,
 and I can't remember the time, so add a, add some note that says, get the time,
 um, get the time from my email, and then also, so add another sub-item that is,
 uh, Seton, S-E-T-O-N slash Ascension, spelled correctly, and then that will be June
 10th, uh, at, like, 830 AM, uh, but don't put the fucking, don't put the time in,
 in that format, use 24 hour time, and just, no colon, just, like, 9 AM would be
 0900-0900, and 9 PM would be, uh, uh, hold on, 9 PM would be 2100, uh, 2100, alright,
 okay, new, oh, wait, never mind, so sub-item, uh, from the same psychiatrist therapist
 list, uh, main item, like, sub-item from that list, uh, get other appointment details
 from email, uh, and other appointments, specifically Kate, uh, okay, and then finish
 there for now, um, so new main list item, uh, so this person is gonna be referred
 to as Meh, Meh as in M-E-H, Meh, um, that's so, that's a name, just for context,
 so this is priority, uh, reach out to Meh about, uh, meeting, about paid for meeting,
 and then, uh, it's just like description text or sub-item, I don't know, yeah, but
 I guess we'll do description text, uh, for all, for all of them, or just if necessary,
 so for this one, here's, this is, uh, that's, um, that's, um, ask Meh to provide
 more information as to what needs to be prepared for said meeting, what the topic,
 watch out, vehicle on shoulder ahead, ignore that, uh, ignore what that woman said,
 um, so ask Meh to provide more information as to the topic of the meeting, uh, what,
 if anything, he would like prepared for the meeting, uh, and what he expects from
 the meeting, and then a, uh, time frame for the meeting, and then, uh, add a, add
 a, add a sub-item that says schedule meeting, uh, and then another sub-item that
 is prepare for meeting as necessary, and then another final sub-item that is, uh,
 go to meeting, complete meeting. Uh, new, new main list item, priority, and that
 would be, uh, sort out text's toll tag situation, uh, so details text now, details
 will be, uh, create an NTAA slash toll tag slash text tag slash I have no fucking
 idea, uh, account, and add a card to bill, um, and, and also mention many penalties
 were levied to the tune of $521, which were paid off by Neil, who was supremely
 pissed off about it, uh, but did it anyway, and so I guess the thank you should
 be in order, although I already thanked him, but he ignored it, um, and then, so
 yeah, just, just sort that out, it needs to be an item, an item, uh, thinking, uh,
 oh yeah, uh, so new main list item, non-priority is, uh, internet, uh, internet
 revamp for venue coffee slash paid internet scheme with potential membership upsell,
 uh, opportunities, and then, so, uh, just details text for that would be, maybe
 reach out to, reach out to, uh, I believe the email was coffeeoncongress at gmail.com,
 but also, uh, make a reminder that I should just check a little, uh, little piece
 of paper in my wallet, um, and about this concept, and then still details text,
 revamp, uh, re-implement the internet situation at venue coffee, uh, uh, by, by
 creating a new captive portal system, which allows for, uh, a better experience
 for the user, no codes, no paper codes to be printed, uh, no code input, uh, more
 consistent captive portal pop-up when necessary, uh, more obvious cut-off time when
 purchased internet time is, uh, has ended, and add option to immediately purchase
 more time via, uh, the captive portal, ideally this would happen after you are,
 just immediately after you're kicked off, so currently it's three hours, it's each,
 each, uh, allotted time block, so if you're on your computer for three hours, uh,
 then after those three hours, the ideal user flow or the user, you know, yeah, user
 flow would be the user is kicked off the network, no, never mind, sorry, that wouldn't
 be ideal, the ideal flow would be the user, it, the internet access is removed,
 uh, through to the, to the outside world, uh, and the, and the captive portal pop-up
 is shown once again with a message explaining the situation that they've run out
 of time, uh, as well as options to, one, immediately just purchase more time, uh,
 via the whatever payment gateway, probably a power stripe, and also they've made
 several options, like tiered, to purchase more time, uh, and then also potentially
 options for joining a membership program, which allows for more seamless use of
 the network, as well as there would need to be, uh, many other benefits, which are
 TBD, so I just add that as an item, all of that, uh, non-priority, okay, let me
 see if I can think of more, oh, yeah, uh, new main list item, non-priority is follow
 up, uh, make the title influencer, uh, plan dash sky, uh, sub-item, uh, meeting,
 scheduling, uh, and, and, uh, before that's, sorry, like, scratch that, scratch
 that sub-item, make it, uh, initial meeting, set up, scheduling, uh, mutual understanding
 of the purpose of the meeting, uh, then new item, new sub-item, sorry, new sub-item
 of, uh, get TikTok analytics, uh, new sub-item, research, brand deal negotiations,
 TikTok specific, uh, rates, uh, sponsorship terms, uh, ensure that all agreed upon,
 uh, legal documents are being followed, uh, such as the TikTok terms of service,
 the TikTok license agreement, if, uh, which isn't necessarily applicable, but, uh,
 the TikTok, uh, creator marketplace membership terms, uh, and conditions, as well
 as the TikTok privacy policy, uh, new sub-item, uh, facilitate, no, no, no, nevermind,
 clear that, new sub-item, uh, create tentative roadmap for, for journey to become
 influencer, or just, actually, just make the item create tentative roadmap, uh,
 and run this by creator for feedback and iteration. All right, and then final, well,
 not necessarily, but, uh, I think this last one I'll add here, a new main list item,
 non-priority, is, uh, uh, Steam cryptos, parenthesis, Monero, close friend, uh,
 exchange bot, uh, then, then, yeah, just leave that as just a title, and then that,
 that is all for now, thank you.
